all right we're gonna show you how to
seafoam your motor you want to find the
hose off your booster line pull it out
of the booster that runs into your
intake manifold to do is you want to
pour 1/3 of this down the motor fire it
up
get through with the vacuum
let us see if we got a 30
back in the booth
that's like half the camp afterwards
force them afterwards
oh it's not you you want to get some
down there and just have it sit in the
manifold do this wait for 1 5 minutes
let it work it's magic you clean up bust
up all the carpet and that wave found it
all through when we started up again
you
my fingers recording another third of it
into your oil
locate your 710 cap should be on the top
of the valve cover with the oil sign
take that off put a little bit of a
third of it in there
that's gonna clean up carbon cap inside
inside the motor right into your fuel
hopefully get through air care and and
through the rough times just like that
participants
50 minutes started up wrap it up up to
about 3 grand or 4 grand and let all
that crap come out of the tailpipe fired
up duty
nice carbon
love a crafting door
it wasn't so indeed this whole block
could just be smoked up this is a lot of
crap coming out of this boat
we're even
you completed putting it through the
motor and you've run it all through to
want to do is drive it really hard for
about eight to ten kilometers really
working through the motor we can clean
up the most carbon possible so you line
up to a light race somebody
you